Added OPA policy example (#1161)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/opa/README.md

# Open Policy Agent (Gatekeeper)

> As ASO is an operator defines a number of CDRs, this enables the use of OPA policies over the different objects being provisioned.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Service Operator defines a number of CDRs. OPA policies can be used to define constraints and policies for the different objects being provisioned.  
```
